What should we try for our next segment?
Hyung, you're really fast at composing
and writing lyrics too.
You're seriously quick.
Right, right.
Let's be honest—you are a genius.
I'm not.
What genius?
How about our song...
The chorus of “Wait for You.”
[They quote the “Wait for You” chorus]
[They repeat part of the chorus]
What if we turn that part into a rap
and improvise it together right now?
Yejun-hyung already did his homework.
Then, together with Yejun-hyung...
Yejun-hyung did the homework.
You did the homework?
Yes.
You did?
The producer gave me homework.
Really?
Let's hear it, then.
I thought you could make something now.
I'll try too.
I haven't heard it yet either.
Wait a moment.
I'll open the members' chat.
Okay.
I'm seriously in trouble now.
I need to come up with something too.
There are so many lyrics in the chat.
Several versions, too.
You kept them all, just in case.
You really worked hard...
Wait—the members' chat...
Don't show it! Don't show it!
This is bad. What am I going to do?
You didn't just go,
‘I'll wait—gang, gang, gang,’ right?
No.
Could I practice once too?
Sure. That sounds great.
Whisper it—like this.
Something like that.
He really is in trouble.
Wow, this...
Hey, weren't we keeping this casual?
We made the intro way too intense.
[Yejun rehearses his “Wait for You” rap]
So it fits...
I'm working it out in my head.
Practice, practice.
Okay, I'll do it right away.
Wow, I'm really in trouble. What do I do?
You can do it.
I'm seriously in trouble.
This is when you say, ‘You can do it.’
Wow, this song is seriously unfair.
Stand or sit? We'll sit.
Take your time and work. We'll sit.
Nice homework!
We'll just hang out. Take your time.
Okay.
What do I do? I'm actually sweating.
Cute.
Okay.
[Yejun begins his “Wait for You” rap]
[Yejun raps about waiting in the same place]
[Yejun raps about seasons passing]
[Yejun raps about thinking only of one person]
[Yejun raps about going in circles]
[Yejun continues his improvised verse]
[Yejun raps about being stuck at the starting line]
If I wait a little, you'll come back, right?
If you have time, you'll call me, right?
I'm the one who keeps waiting only for you.
And who could that be?
Nam Yejun!
Wait a moment.
Hold on.
I'll wait a little.
So that was intentional, right?
I'll wait a little, hyung.
Hyung, I'm really sorry I laughed.
I'll wait a little.
I'm so sorry I laughed.
It wasn't because it was funny—
Shall we wait a moment, everyone?
I don't think hyung is ready yet.
Don't cry.
No, why...
But it was so cute.
No, no—why? Why?
It was good! Why?
Why are you laughing?
I wasn't laughing.
I never laugh.
I'll wait a little.
If I wait a little, you'll come back, right?
[Yejun falters during the rap]
One more time.
Could you show us again?
Please, just one more time.
Seriously, please show us one more time.
You're really mean, you know that?
No, no, no. I won't laugh.
Fans say the stream cut out earlier.
Because it was so good.
Okay, I'll go all the way through.
Yes, yes.
Go ahead, laugh some more.
Ahhh...
[Yejun begins the rap again]
[Yejun raps his “Wait for You” verse]
[Yejun raps about waiting]
[Yejun raps about seasons passing]
[Yejun raps about seeing only one person]
[Yejun raps about going in circles]
[They react during the rap]
I mean...
[Yejun reaches the starting-line verse]
Wait a little—you'll come back, right?
[Yejun repeats the setup to his punchline]
Keep waiting—you'll come back, right?
If you have time, you'll call me, right?
I'm the one who only has eyes for you.
And who could that be?
Nam Yejun!
Wait a little—you'll come back, right?
If you have time, you'll call me, right?
I'm the one who only has eyes for you.
And who could that be?
Nam Yejun!
That's who!
[Yejun ad-libs]
Nice!
It's good. I really need to save this.
Let's develop it. Develop it.
It's good.
[They discuss how the flow should continue]
Don't do that. That makes it more painful for me.
No, but I...
So we just check, close the door if there's no ghost, and come back, right?
Yeah.
Oh, there it is.
What is it?
They want you to check the left too.
The left?
Yes.
It's there! There, there, there!
Hello.
You should snap around like this. Make it look cool.
Right.
They say you need to be fearless
if you want to rap.
Isn't looking like that even scarier?
Why are you looking at it like that?
Hey, I seriously...
Ah!
Huh?
[Giggles]
[Unclear]
Ah...
It flashed—ugh, just turn on the light.
Isn't there a ceiling light instead?
A light for the room?
We do have a highlighter.
A highlighter.
[They make a Korean pun on ‘highlighter’ and ‘fan’]
A punchline, even now?
Oh, there it is.
Where?
Sorry.
It must be here.
You'll see it at a glance.
Here.
Got it. That's game over.
Oh—sorry.
Can you catch it?
No.
This is when it usually appears.
It's 2 a.m. now.
Now!
Ah!
Ah...
Hear breathing? Close the door.
The breathing—is this it?
Can you hear it?
Right?
Where? I don't think that's it.
Whoa...
What do we do?
Is it there?
That's it.
What do we do? What do we do?!
We have to go somewhere else.
Somewhere else.
I want to close the door!
Nice.
That startled me!
Wait!
[Laughs]
Oh!
Ow, my ears!
[Laughs]
That scared me!
Oh, that startled me!
[Laughs]
Oh...
I need to turn the volume down.
That startled me!
[Laughs]
Turn it down a little.
I nearly blew my ears out.
[Laughs]
Ah...
Does anyone want to try?
I'm too good at it—Eunho hyung, you try.
I don't think I can do it.
I think I just pulled a muscle.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Ah, it loosened up.
That quickly?
Wow.
So this...
When the flashlight ghost comes in...
we have to lure it with the flashlight?
By shining it somewhere else?
[Laughs]
So we're not the ones who run away?
Mm-hm.